Starmap Navigation Simulation Plan

Requirements:
The simulation should procedurally generate a galaxy in runtime, from a random selection of prepared data.
The simulation must use pathfinding methods to calculate the optimal route to the destination star, within any constraining parameters.
A basic UI should be present that shows the player the route generated by the forementioned pathfinding methods.
The simulation should run until the user presses escape to halt the execution of the program.
The simulation must NOT use unities built in navigation and lerping systems, and should use my own pathfinding and lerping code.

Ideas:
Stars:
	Type:
		All stars should have a type, these could include: Red Dwarves, Solar-type stars, Hot Blue Stars, Red Giants, White Dwarfs (and potentially black holes).
		The stars type would influence the stars size and colour.
Space Pirates:
	Stars known to inhabit space pirates and other criminals would be highlighted with a red sphere around the star.
	Entering a star system that houses space pirates would have a negative effect, which could include:
		Taking longer than anticipated to move through the star system
		Damage to the spaceship, which would increase the weight of all routes between stars until repaired
		Destruction of the spaceship (Would only occur if the spaceship is already damaged)
Space Ports:
	Stars that are home to a space port would be highlighted with a blue sphere around the star.
	Entering a star system that houses a space port would have a positive effect, which could include:
		Repairing damage caused by pirates
		Being supplied with more efficient fuel, which would decrease the cost of the next few jumps
How to procedurally generate the stars:
	1: The boring method, have a few preset stars that the simulation can randomly pick from.
	2: Randomly pick a type of star (e.g. red dwarf, main sequence, red giant) and based on this information, generate the star (e.g. red dwarves are small, so if the random type is red dwarf, the star would always be small, but to a random extent).
	3: Randomly decide the stars mass between given values, and based on the mass, determine the stars type and size, along with its other properties.

Interesting Ideas (Difficult to implement but very promising, do these AFTER the core ideas are implemented):
Galactic Deliveryman
Main premise: The player tries their best to create their own path to a destination, and is scored based on how close they were to the optimal route
Player works for a delivery company, that distributes packages at interstellar distances
Payed by speed, and the quality of the package.
	Speed:
		Time in this game is, in practice, identical to distance.
		The distance between stars would be measured not by a unit of distance, but of how long it takes to travel between them.
		This decision can be explained by the fact that in reality, the distance between stars is so large that the time spent in star systems would be neglegible.
	Quality:
		When your ship takes damage, it gets shaken around, lowering the quality of the package.
		When your ship is low on health, it's engines malfunction slightly, causing the package to begin to lose quality over time.

Stars

Scales (50% to 200%)
Black Hole: 50 - 200
White Dwarf: 65 - 75
Red Dwarf: 75 - 85
Sun Like: 85 - 100
Hot Blue: 100 - 120
Red Giant: 130 - 200

Rarity (% based)

Black Hole: 5%
White Dwarf: 10%
Red Dwarf: 30%
Sun Like: 30%
Hot Blue: 20%
Red Giant: 5%
